README.md, before:

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-apache-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

Things to prove/demonstrate:
 - command timeouts
 - file transfer
 - templating
 - clean/readable output in the face of:
   - parallel command execution
   - multiple target systems
   - variable order of commands (dependencies may change the obvious order when flattened to a list) 
 - environment where end-users can add (a la sbt's projects
   - custom atomic mandates (system-specific SSH commands) with prerequisites and consequences
   - custom composite mandates (aggregations of other mandates) to make higher-level directives
   - custom resources that were not foreseen in the jibe core

Things to decide on:
 - What's the best way to represent the source structure in the output once the list of commands is flattened?
 - Should the scala code be able to get data from the stdout of commands or should all decisions be made inside the mandates?
 - What else should be resources?  Is the weak-matching-by-name-only thing I've done so far sufficient?
   - How can you handle things like one mandate producing a directory of files while another uses only one file in that directory?
   - How do you handle negative resources?  A "userdel" command's consequence is the removal of a resource.  Can a mandate depend on that?

Commit message:

Adding some notes to the readme

README.md, after:

# Jibe

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-apache-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

## Getting Started

Ensure that you have recent versions of [sbt](http://www.scala-sbt.org/) and [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) 
installed.

Currently, we have as a demo a few commands hard-coded into Main, including some that are designed to fail to 
demonstrate what that looks like in the "results" output.

1. `git clone git@github.com:scalawag/jibe.git`
2. `cd jibe`
3. `vagrant up`
4. `sbt run`
5. `open open results/latest/html/index.html`

## TODOs

### Things to prove/demonstrate:
 - command timeouts
 - file transfer
 - templating
 - clean/readable output in the face of:
   - parallel command execution
   - multiple target systems
   - variable order of commands (dependencies may change the obvious order when flattened to a list) 
 - environment where end-users can add (a la sbt's projects
   - custom atomic mandates (system-specific SSH commands) with prerequisites and consequences
   - custom composite mandates (aggregations of other mandates) to make higher-level directives
   - custom resources that were not foreseen in the jibe core

### Things to decide on:
 - What's the best way to represent the source structure in the output once the list of commands is flattened?
 - Should the scala code be able to get data from the stdout of commands or should all decisions be made inside the mandates?
 - What else should be resources?  Is the weak-matching-by-name-only thing I've done so far sufficient?
   - How can you handle things like one mandate producing a directory of files while another uses only one file in that directory?
   - How do you handle negative resources?  A "userdel" command's consequence is the removal of a resource.  Can a mandate depend on that?
